README.md, before:


# Network Engineering Pro

Guides and resources focused on Free and Open Source Software (FOSS) for Android, Linux, and Windows. Note [this caveat](https://itsfoss.com/what-is-foss/#free-in-free-and-open-source-software-does-not-mean-free-of-cost) regarding the term "free."

Additionally, privacy and/or security will likewise be a major focus. Topics such as browser hardening and private, privacy-focused DNS services will be explored in detail.


## 🚀 About Me
I'm a network security enginneer specializing in Palo Alto Networks solutions, including PAN-OS Next-Gen Firewalls (NGFWs) and Panorama management server. I have dabbled with Android development for some time and have recently taken an interest in substituting open-source alternatives rather than commercial and/or closed-source programs.


## 🔗 Links
[![portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/my_portfolio-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ko-fi&logoColor=white)](https://slopez.bio.link/)
[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/scottlopez)


## Topics of Interest

- FOSS apps and programs
- FOSS app guide for Android
- Browser Hardening
- Privacy-centric DNS Services

Commit message:

Added link to existing resources

README.md, after:


# Network Engineering Pro

We will soon be establishing guides and resources focused on Free and Open Source Software (FOSS) for Android, Linux, and Windows. Note [this caveat](https://itsfoss.com/what-is-foss/#free-in-free-and-open-source-software-does-not-mean-free-of-cost) regarding the term "free."

Additionally, privacy and/or security will likewise be a major focus. Topics such as browser hardening and private, privacy-focused DNS services will be explored in detail.

>For now, you can find some recommendations at [https://sundevil.bio.link/](https://sundevil.bio.link/). This information will soon be added to this website in a redesigned format.


## 🚀 About Me
I'm a network security enginneer specializing in Palo Alto Networks solutions, including PAN-OS Next-Gen Firewalls (NGFWs) and Panorama management server. I have dabbled with Android development for some time and have recently taken an interest in substituting open-source alternatives rather than commercial and/or closed-source programs.


## 🔗 Links
[![portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/my_portfolio-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ko-fi&logoColor=white)](https://slopez.bio.link/)
[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/scottlopez)


## Topics of Interest

- FOSS apps and programs
- FOSS app guide for Android
- Browser Hardening
- Privacy-centric DNS Services
